This is a letter written to you by Aunt Lin
He wants me to be his daughter-in-law
Advance declaration
I don't support arranged marriages
But
I'm really being forced to leave by Wang Yu now
That's why I came to you for help
You should recognize Lin as Auntie's self, right?
Shishi, it turns out that you don't want me for a long time
To recognize me to another woman
Miss Chen Lin
As far as I know, you are Wang Yu's stepmother.
How could it be related to Lin Shi?
Just a letter shouldn't hold back much
Wang Yu killed my father
Still trying to kill me
Fortunately, my temporary aunt saved me
And funded my education.
Like he funded you
You won't forget, will you?
Miss Chen Lin is so eloquent
But I'm not interested in listening to your stories today
I won't accompany you
Hu Ge
Hey happy birthday
How do you know that?
Of course Aunt Linsa told me
It's okay if you don't believe me.
Today is your birthday
I'll live with you
So many years
I have never seen the boss celebrate his birthday
I am an orphan for a one-handed birthday
I'm not trying to find an excuse for him to accompany me
I didn't catch what you said.
You even know my birthday
Looks like you've done your homework to cheat
But unfortunately, Miss Chen Li
I'm not in the mood to act with you today
Stop, you stinky boy, your wings are hard, right?
Pardon me?